I would say the first thing is, in the military and the Navy, you can
almost assume that there is an instruction for everything. So if you
have a question about something, ask the question. Is there an instruction
for If you're not sure about something, try to find an instruction
for two. If you don't know something, ask if you're not sure.
Ask if you think you know, but you're not sure if you're 100% ask another
thing. Communicate. If you want to do something, communicate.
Ask him one. Talk to someone about it. Talk to your chief about it.
I talked to your 1st 1st 1st class about it. Talk to your department
head about it. There's no problem with communicating an issue or something
that you may think of is an issue but might not be an issue.
But the problem is that the thing is, is that you brought it up. You
ask the question. You talked about it. You communicate about, um,
another thing. And this comes with a personal life is a balance. Find
that balance off home life and work life. The navy is a lot to a
lot of people But once you leave the Navy, if you ever leave the Navy,
the Navy's going to keep going without you. So make sure that you
find the balance of your personal life as well as your work life.